Not the boss
This is because when I came home the other day, I found chicken blood on the door of my house
Then there was death written on the wall
Then I called the police
The police told me not to go home for a few days
On the one hand, I'm worried about my safety
On the other hand, to protect the scene
Find the person who wants to intimidate me
That's why I went to Zhang's house.
This is not right.
This one.
It's not that there are so many hotels to stay in
I have to live in Xiao Zhang's house
I let him live in my house
I didn't ask you
You are a lawyer, not a police officer
You are not Tang Jian's assistant yet
Why did you get Tang Jian's problem?
The director asked Xiao Zhang to say that I didn't let Tang Li stay in the hotel
Why? Because everyone in the hotel is dirty.
In order to be Tang Jian's assistant
Do everything possible to please him
So let him live in my house
Therefore, the hotel is not clean
So, how clean is your place?
You may not believe it
I can't say my room is clean
Anyway, not even my mother has been there
Consider being the first person to sleep at my house
Hahaha what's wrong
I misunderstood.
Are we a little off topic?
It's not off topic, are we not only on topic?
Are they all young people?
Cousin, don't be unconvinced
Go home and rest for a few days
Maybe you can even make a marriage
Boss, come on
Go home and think about how to be interviewed by the police